[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>ANNOUNCER: And now, world
renowned spirit medium James
Van Praagh.
[APPLAUSE]
>>JAMES VAN PRAAGH: Hi everyone.
Hi, how are you?
Nice to meet you.
Thank you, thank you,
thank you very much.
And thank you, and
welcome to SpiritTalk,
where we take you one
step closer to Heaven.
And I want to thank you
all for joining me today.
And everyone here
in the audience,
thank you for joining me today.
I thought today we'd talk
about a subject which everybody
is going to experience
one day in their life.
And that is death.
That is that we all will
die one day, won't we?
Because death is a part of life.
And it really, really
is important that we
have more of an understanding
of what happens to our spirit
upon physical death.
So I thought today's
topic would be
very good to talk about
what happens after we die.
Everybody who comes
to see me, they always
ask the same question.
And they of course
want to know, everybody
has a natural curiosity about,
what happens to the spirit
upon physical death?
Now, all of us share two
common experiences in life.
The first is birth.
And we've been through that.
So we know a little
bit about that.
We've heard about it,
we've read about it.
There's been research
done about birth.
But we don't know
a lot about death.
Except for many people
have had near death
experiences and have
come back and told us
a little about
their experiences.
And also from the
spirit world, where
those loved ones have come
back and really talked
about the experience of
when they left the body,
and where they went to,
and what it was like.
What that transitionary
period was like.
So I would like to
share with you today
exactly what I gave gleaned, the
information that I have gleaned
over the many, many years of
speaking with the spirit world.
And many, many years of
communicating with them.
And also working with people
in the audience as well.
It's important to know
that when I do my work,
that I stand up
here and I really
am a vessel for
the spirit world.
I stand before you
and I really am
in a space where I just receive.
And I receive from
the spirit world
whoever wants to come
and use me to bring
through a message for
everybody that's watching,
everybody here in the audience.
And I really have
no agenda about it.
The agenda I might
have is, you know,
I want this to be
the best we can do.
Before I come out
here on the stage,
I will say to the
spirit world, "I
am here to do the highest
good for the spirit world.
I am here to do your
work and may the work
that's being done today
be a blessing to everybody
that's watching this."
So I would like
to share with you
a little bit of my
experience about really
what it's like to
pass out of the body.
Death itself, when the spirit
leaves the physical body,
there is no pain.
There is no pain at
all in physical death.
So many people
think, oh, someone
died in a car accident,
or a plane crash,
or they had a heart attack,
or there was a fire.
There is no pain at all.
God in its wondrous
way gives us what
we call like a shut-off valve.
Like you lose consciousness.
Right before the
spirit leaves the body,
or as it's leaving
that body, there
is a loss of consciousness.
So you do not feel it
on the physical level.
Now isn't that
good to know that?
Yes?
Yes.
So I just want you to
relax with that awareness.
There have been
many, many people
who have talked about near
death experiences, exactly
what happens.
They're very aware they're
inside the body and next thing
they know they're
outside of the body.
Death is very much that way.
Now, leading up to when
the spirit leaves the body,
of course it can be painful.
If there's a disease involved
like a cancer, or AIDS,
or something that really
hurts the body or physically
you feel pain in
the body, that's
something of course
which is very real.
But God in its
wondrous way has also
created wonderful medicines,
inventions, droplets of God
has inspired the scientists
to come up with medications.
You don't have to feel pain.
There's no reason why
you have to feel pain.
So remember that.
The spirit is often talked about
when they come back, you know,
I didn't have to feel
pain in the body.
And I was relieved
that there was
no pain at all when
I left that body.
Everybody who passes out of
the body, when it's your turn
to go home-- and the
spirit world is our home.
This human earth right
here is not our home.
This is our schoolroom.
We come back here for our
soul to learn many lessons.
And whatever lessons that
you have on your agenda,
on your slate, is
specific to your soul.
So some lessons might involve
compassion, or forgiveness,
or love of self, trying
to love each other.
Whatever specific
lessons you have
on your agenda
for your soul, you
chose before you came
back into the lifetime.
So I often will tell people
that when their soul is finished
with all its classes
and all of its lessons,
it's time to graduate.
And that's what I
really do believe.
That passing out of the
physical body, the transition
that we call death,
is really a state
of consciousness from the
physical consciousness
into the spirit and being free.
Being free.
I myself have had a near death
experience many years back.
And of course, I know why I
had the near death experience,
because now I can teach about
what my experiences were
from firsthand.
And I remember
that my experience,
I actually left the body, and
I was looking down at the body.
And I remember the
very first thing
that I felt was a sense
of complete peace.
Complete and utter peace.
I can't even describe
it in human terms.
The words don't come close
to the feeling that I had.
I also had a sense that there
was a sense of connectedness.
That I was connected to
every single other person.
And that we're all connected
as souls, we're all connected.
So the spirit people
have often said
the same thing
they've come through.
That my death was painless.
Every single person is met
at the time of their passing
by someone in their family
who has pass over before them.
No one ever dies alone.
I want you to know that.
No one's ever alone.
Spirit's always around
you all the time,
helping us,
assisting us in life.
And so when time comes for you
to actually leave the body,
it's joyful.
It's very, very happy.
And the spirit people prepare
for your passing months, if not
years, before.
They will prepare
for your passing
and they'll be there
at the side of the bed.
They'll be around
you at your house.
They know when it's your time.
And just think of the
reunion that happens.
Just think how
happy they finally
are to get you fully in
spirit right with them.
It's really, really wonderful.
So just imagine the joy.
Can you imagine the joy?
Yes.
The joy.
The wonderful joy
that they have.
So when you leave the body
and you're with all your loved
ones, you feel their
love right away.
You feel a sense of
reunion, this connection.
It's like, oh, we're back again.
We're together again.
So you can just imagine that
that feels, how wonderful.
And it seems that many,
many souls will then
be drawn up with
their loved ones
to a golden light or a tunnel.
And they have often
described that they're
kind of like a
floating atmosphere.
And they look around, and they
see all of these golden lights.
And they know that
those golden lights
that they see all
around them are
other souls that have passed.
And they're going home
their own soul groups.
Isn't that lovely?
Just that visualization.
And it's so important.
It's almost like the set we
have here of all the stars.
But they have often
described it to me--
and they've actually
shown me once--
where I was actually floating.
And I felt, and looked
around, and there
were these golden
lights going toward
this bright, bright light.
And I was like, what is that?
And I could see they were
forms, they were bodies.
And they were souls.
And that's how they've
often described it.
And I actually had that
vision once of that.
It's a reunion, it's
joyful, it's happy.
Everybody going home
with their soul groups.
It seems that once you get
there to the other side of life
in another dimension, of course
you're met by your family
again.
They're with you.
They escort you over there.
They show you this new life.
And you go to what's
called the astral world.
The astral world is a
replica of the physical world
with gardens, and flowers, and
trees, and lakes, and houses,
and buildings.
It's a very real
and solid world.
But remember, it is
another dimension.
It is very physical
dimension on that level.
But when you come back
down to the physical earth
to go to your memorial
service, or your funeral,
or to let your loved ones
know that you are still alive,
which we all do.
We all come back and we visit.
Do you all remember
the movie, Ghost?
Remember the movie
Ghost, Patrick Swayze?
Remember that movie?
It's very, very real.
It really is.
When spirits will come back to
their loved ones on the earth
to let them know, I'm fine.
I'm not dead.
There is no such thing as
death, no such thing whatsoever.
And they really want
to impart upon you
to have that realization.
I'm fine, I'm alive.
Don't think of me as dead.
And I often say, if you think
of your loved one as dead,
it's very disrespectful.
Because they're very much alive.
They hear our
thoughts all the time.
So they will go back to
their memorial services,
they'll go back
to their funerals,
or they just go back to let
their families know, I'm OK.
Now this is very funny,
oftentimes when males pass over
and they come back, and they'll
say, I've been to my funeral
or I've been to my wake.
And it seems that men are very
interested in how many people
are attending their funerals.
They'll look around
and they'll count,
oh how many people are here?
And then they say, and
who's paying for this?
I remember I was at
my dad's funeral,
and I was talking
to some people.
And there was a wake for him.
So that shell was
there in the casket.
And I heard my father
come-- very, very clearly--
come right up to
my back of my head.
Right here he came to me.
And he said, "James, thanks
for putting my teeth in.
I look pretty good."
10 minutes before this, we
were there at that casket
looking at his body.
And we're thinking,
"Oh, I'm glad we
put his teeth in because
he looks so much better."
So they hear us all the time.
They hear our
thoughts all the time.
And they're always at their
funerals and memorial services.
The women seem to be
very, very concerned
about their appearances.
So let's say
they're in a coffin.
I've been to
thousands of funerals,
been to thousands of wakes.
And I have heard women look
down at the bodies and saying,
"why'd they put
me in that dress?
I hated that dress
in the lifetime.
Why did put me in the box
with the dress on me?"
Always, always happens.
It's so funny.
Why'd they choose that dress?
They were concerned about that.
They're very concerned about
getting the makeup right.
It's such an odd thing.
But I've been invited to
many funerals and wakes
and I've heard these things.
And the women seem to
also go around then
and look at the flowers and
see who sent the flowers.
They seem to be very concerned
about that sort of thing.
So it's so interesting because
they're so much more alive when
they're in the spirit form than
they were in the physical form.
So it's important that you
have that awareness, that
mindfulness that you are first
and foremost a spiritual being
having a physical experience,
not the other way around.
I've got to tell you that.
So when it's your
time to go, you'll
be met by everyone you know.
You'll be escorted
to the spirit world.
And you'll go there and say,
this is home, this is home.
That earth, that was not home.
And you'll have no
sense of it, as far
as connected with the earth.
It'll feel like a foreign place.
That's just the way it is.
And when you get to
the other side of life,
you're able to, if you will,
fulfill all of your destinies
within yourself.
Any abilities in
yourself that maybe
weren't realized when
you were on the earth.
For instance, perhaps you
wanted to play the piano when
you were living on
the earth, but you
didn't have time
to take classes.
In the spirit world,
you're able to do that.
Take class in piano,
or art, sculpture,
or learn things, go
to school, studies.
Over there you're
able to do that,
because there is no
such thing as time
in the spiritual dimension.
Time is only relative to
the three dimensional world.
So you have all the
time in the world.
And in the other worlds.
So you really do live
out your heart desires.
What you want to
experience from your heart,
and express, and live
it, that's Heaven.
That's why they call it Heaven.
Your heart is met there
with your heart desires.
Yeah?
Good.
And so is that good?
Did you enjoy that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
So if anybody has any questions
about what I was talking about,
about life after
death, about what
happens at the time of death
when the spirit leaves,
does anybody have any
questions about that?
And I can answer them for you.
You want to stand up, OK?
And we've got a
microphone for you.
Great.
>>AUDIENCE: OK, yes.
If somebody's going to
pass over, do they--
>>VAN PRAAGH: If they're
going to, well, they will,
eventually.
>>AUDIENCE: Well they will, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: None of us get
out of it alive, I'll tell you.
We, none of us, get
out of it alive.
>>AUDIENCE: If it's
their time to go,
can they leave a
couple of days early?
Or do they immediately
when it happens?
>>AUDIENCE: [LAUGHTER]
>>AUDIENCE: Well,
I've heard some
can leave three days early.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Perfect,
perfect, perfect.
So I do believe that
the time of your birth
and the time of
death is destined.
What might appear to
us as some people say,
well you know, they
were born premature.
Or they were born
by cesarean section.
Or they died before
they should have.
Or they left the
body, they came back,
and they came into the body,
then finally left again.
I do believe it's
in divine time.
And I think it's in a
higher level of awareness,
and understanding, and control.
I don't think it's
really-- I think
it might look physically
that that's happening.
That they were late
for their death.
I don't think it's
ever that way.
I think it's a perfect
timing, when you're born
and when you pass to
the other side of life.
I really do.
I think that we're
more involved,
or the spirit world is more
involved in our everyday lives
than we even know about.
And I do believe that.
I do believe, in many respects,
that we're merely the puppets
and they're the puppet masters.
And the more we're
attuned to that
and aligned with that awareness,
the easier life will be.
>>AUDIENCE: OK, thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You're welcome.
Very good question.
Yes, somebody else?
Yes, you have a
question over here.
And what is your name?
You're going to
stand up and I'll.
>>AUDIENCE: My name is David.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
David, so you have a question.
And before you start that
question, I like your aura.
As I look at you and I see
the aura that you have.
An aura is the electromagnetic
field on every living thing.
So when you stood up I saw this
wonderful, wonderful yellow
energy, which is very much about
intellect, thinking, analyzing,
critiquing.
And you're very much that
way, if I can say that to you.
You're very much of some of
the scientific kind of mind,
who likes to put things,
figure things out all the time.
Does that make sense to you?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I'm
just going to tell you
what I see as you stand up.
So I see more than just a
physical body standing up.
I see colors, I see energy.
And I think that in the
past six to seven years,
your life has
changed drastically.
You're very, very different
than you were 20 years ago,
even 15 years ago.
The way you think
about things, the way
you react to things, people
in your life have changed.
I think you're a very different
person than you used to be.
Will you accept that?
>>VAN PRAAGH: I think so, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, good.
And the question you have?
>>AUDIENCE: Well, I know on
planet Earth we all-- everybody
speaks different languages,
different methods
of communication.
But in the spirit world, is it
just one mode of communication?
Do they all-- how do the spirits
communicate with each other?
>>VAN PRAAGH: It's
a great question.
It's a great question.
So remember that they are
spirit, first and foremost,
right?
So they don't need to
speak, physically speak,
because, like you said,
the different languages.
And also how do I
communicate with spirits
that spoke a different
language on the earth?
It's all done with thought.
It's all done telepathically.
So if they have a thought,
they'll send it to somebody.
And someone in the spirit
world, they'll meet with them.
And that's very,
very interesting.
This is very, very weird.
I'm such a weirdo.
So when you stood
up, I just talked
about your energy and the
colors I saw around you.
Now in the spirit world,
when you're over there
and you're walking
in the spirit world
or in that space, when
you see another spirit,
you'll see their colors.
You'll first will see their
character by the colors
that they have around them.
They will be dressed in
an outfit, a garb, that
will reflect their
character as well.
And the colors
around them, you'll
see the spiritual
level that they're at.
You'll see who they
are as a person.
You'll see how much love
they have for themselves,
for other people, how much
compassion by the colors
that they exude.
So that's the first step
in how they communicate.
And then they also
will telepathically
send thoughts to each other.
So they live in a
world of thought.
So it's all done telepathically.
Now, when the spirits come
back and communicate with me,
it's done through thought.
So I've done work
all over the world.
In Brazil, and I've done
it in Europe, and places
that don't speak English.
It doesn't matter because
I hear it as thoughts.
So that's how they communicate.
So same thing when you
pass to the spirit.
Inspiration means in spirit.
So that's thought.
>>AUDIENCE: Very interesting.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, very good.
Thank you very much, David.
We can applaud David's
question, everyone.
[APPLAUSE]
Yes, my love.
You have a question.
And I love your energy, too.
You tend to be
somebody who tends
to give more than receive.
>>AUDIENCE: Wow.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I've
got to tell you that.
And your dad has
passed over, please?
>>AUDIENCE: Um, my husband.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Becuase there's
a man sitting behind you.
Is it your husband?
>>AUDIENCE: My husband.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, can I
come give you a reading
before you ask a question?
>>AUDIENCE: Please.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Would that be OK?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Because I really
have to, in that--
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I have to.
When I'm standing in this
space-- my spaceship, as I like
to call it-- as I'm standing
here, it's my receptivity.
It's how I receive the spirit.
And many times, they will come
through in many different ways.
And I'm not in control of it.
You're really not
in control of it.
All you can do is really be
open to whatever happens.
So when I came to you before,
I saw this man behind.
And I wasn't sure if it was
a father figure or a husband
figure.
But let me just-- and you
stood up for a question.
But maybe this is your answer
you've been looking for.
So this man comes in here.
And he's with a woman.
So as he comes forward
to me, he steps forward.
He's a very gentle man,
if I can say that to you.
He's a gentle man.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's
how I describe him.
He's a very sweet man.
And I want you to know that
his sweetness was not lost.
His sweetness is
still very much alive.
He comes to you with roses.
And I'm giving
you red roses, OK?
And he's taking a bunch
of roses, he's taking one
and he's handing it to you.
>>AUDIENCE: I kept one rose from
each of the bouquets from his.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
did you flatten them,
or dry them, or something?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
And I know that
he's talking to me
about loving that expression,
being there with you.
I know also that-- go on.
He's a very sensitive soul
when he walks over here.
And he said, we did it together.
You and him did it together.
And you did it together.
He was ill for a little
bit there, wasn't he?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He was ill.
Because I know this man gives
me a feeling of being ill.
And I know as I let him
come closer to my vibration,
very close to me, I
ask him questions.
And I just want
him to become me.
And I just want him
to blend closer to me.
And as he blends closer to
me, I feel him come across me
and I'm getting very
thin at one point.
And I'm feeling
very much, my head
is hurting me, too, by the way.
Didn't his diet,
was it affected?
Or could he not eat
at one point, please?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Did
someone think about IVs,
or alternative therapy,
or some kind of IV thing.
>>AUDIENCE: His
daughter was a PA
and wanted him to take medicine.
He wouldn't go to the doctors.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Right, right.
He will never go to the doctors.
He doesn't believe
in medical doctors.
He doesn't believe in it.
He must have been very
ill toward the end,
because I'm there.
>>AUDIENCE: He was sick
for the last month.
But he wouldn't
stop going to work.
He wouldn't stop
doing anything else.
And it was, I'm fine.
Don't you dare call my daughter.
Don't you dare
tell her I'm sick.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Did you tell
his daughter, your daughter,
that you were coming here today?
>>AUDIENCE: I have my daughter,
his stepdaughter here.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And you knew
him very well, of course.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Hold
on one second.
Yes, go on, go on.
He's a very stubborn man.
He's a sensitive man.
But he is stubborn, as
you know, because he
didn't want any
help from anybody.
But I think in
his whole life, he
didn't want any
help from anybody.
I really do.
>>AUDIENCE: No.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I've got
to ask you about the maps.
The maps or maps.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I would
tell you, if you
go to a place with him where
all his books are or something,
there's an atlas there.
There's an atlas there.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Are you
aware of the atlas, please?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Thank you.
If you look at
that atlas, I know
that you will find within
the atlas, there will be,
like, stickies, sticky notes.
>>AUDIENCE: There was
a coffee table, almost.
And he had all of his maps
sitting underneath it.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Thank you.
>>AUDIENCE: And it has
sticky notes on it.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Thank
you, sticky notes.
Thank you very much.
>>AUDIENCE: I didn't
even know that.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So you
didn't even know that.
So you didn't even know that.
Yeah, so you understand that.
And can I give you
the microphone?
Is that OK, sweetheart?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because your
mom's a little nervous.
So we're going to
have you hold it.
People at work didn't know
I was sick until later on.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
And at one point they
put some money together.
At one point someone
I don't know if they
gave you some money
at the end of his life, at a
memorial service or something
for him.
And they said, this
is money from us
or something about that.
Does that make sense please?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, because I know
that that's been given to you.
Now, he would also
like mathematics
when he was younger.
You know about
the math problems?
He liked to solve math
problems and number problems.
Do you understand, that
makes sense to you?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes.
And up until the what?
The day I died.
He said, up until the day I died
I liked to figure things out.
He liked formulas-- you
understand that, right?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He liked
to figure out formulas.
He's very scientifically minded.
Like an engineer type.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: What was he,
like an engineer please,
that type of thing?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes, OK.
Because that's what he gives
me, this feeling of engineer.
Now isn't it interesting
that I went to this gentleman
before and talked
about scientific.
And you might have
opened the door
for her husband to come through.
That's very, very much.
Because I know that
you and her husband,
there's a connection
as far as the way
you think, the way
you look at the world.
Can I just tell you
that I want to thank you
for sitting in the backyard?
I'm not sure if there's a back
deck or something back there.
Or you were sitting in the back.
Do you understand that?
There's a table outside, table.
And you were sitting
there thinking of him.
You were sitting
And he wants me to
thank you for that.
Does that make sense to you?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK,
great, great, great.
And I've got to
tell you also that I
feel-- yes, I understand that.
I hear you, yes.
Yes.
His temperature goes up
and down, by the way.
His fluctuates, his temperature.
And I also like rocks.
So I don't know if
there's a rock collection.
Is there a rock collection?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because he talks
about having a rock collection.
He loved his rock collection.
You understand that?
And he said to me, I'm trying
to heal the relationship
with my brother from
this side of life.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because I know
he did not speak to him.
There was a problem or something
that they didn't see eye
to eye toward the end of life.
I got to tell you also-- does
that make sense to you please?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes
>>VAN PRAAGH: So
you understand that.
So you have his love.
And I want to thank you
very much for being here.
And feel his love.
Thank you very much.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you so much.
>>VAN PRAAGH:
You're very welcome.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>>VAN PRAAGH: What I'd
like to do with you now
is to really work with you
as far as bringing spirit
closer to you.
I think that would
be very nice, yes?
So spirit is really
just a thought away.
Just a thought away.
So together we'll work
our energies together
and have an experience.
We can welcome them in.
OK?
So we're going to do a little
meditation and just relax.
So if you've never meditated
before, that's fine.
There's no right
way or wrong way.
It's just really a
relaxation exercise.
And it's really just to
center your being, center
your awareness.
So let's just close our eyes.
And just listen to
the sound of my voice.
And just be mindful of
your body, of your feet
on the floor, your
backs on the chairs.
Your shoulders and your arms.
Your chest, your stomach,
your legs, the neck, the head.
Just be mindful of
the physical body.
And as you become mindful
of the physical body,
you also want to do so
with a sense of gratitude,
a sense of thankfulness.
Thanking your body for bringing
you from one place to another.
For all the good it does
for you, for your spirit.
To mobilize you.
To bring you forth.
So with a sense of
gratitude, thank your body.
We as spirit are more than
just the physical body.
Our spiritual energy goes
way beyond the limits
of the physical body.
So now I'd like you to be
aware that your energy goes
all the way down to Mother Earth
and connects to that Mother
Earth energy, that
beautiful Gaia energy.
That beautiful
grounding and balancing.
Mother Earth helps
to sustain life
by keeping us centered
and grounded in our being.
We want to thank her.
Our energy connects
to that Mother Earth.
You as a spiritual
being are much,
much more also than
just the awareness
that you have in the
body and the earth.
But you're also part
of the cosmic energy,
the light energy,
the spiritual energy,
the spiritual dimensions
which are way, way above us
and all around us.
At this moment in
your mind, I would
like for you to envision a
bright golden star high, high
above you.
Way beyond this sky, way beyond
this atmosphere that we know.
For this gold star, this gold
light, is way, way beyond.
But with your mind
you connect with
that beautiful golden
star, that starlight.
And as you connect more and
more with that starlight,
begin to feel the love from
the spiritual dimensions,
the spirit world.
As you bask in that golden
light, just feel in your mind,
in your spirit, the
oneness, the connectedness.
We are all one energy.
And as we inhale,
we're going to bring
more of this beautiful
golden light, the starlight,
into the awareness of our
minds, into the awareness
of our being.
And as you exhale
out of your mouth,
you're going to let go of
the old ways of thinking,
the old habits, the
limitations of loving yourself.
You can let that stuff
go and replace it
with that pure,
loving golden light.
So together let's inhale that
beautiful, spiritual, celestial
golden light.
And inhale.
And hold it two, three, four,
and exhale out of your mouth.
Maybe a gray mist which
represents all the old ways
of thinking that no
longer sustain you.
And together again, bringing
that beautiful golden light
and inhale.
And hold it, two,
three, four, and exhale.
And one more time,
beautiful starlight.
And inhale.
And holding it two, three,
four, and then exhale,
and let it go, let
it go, let it go.
And with your imagination, feel
that you are one in that light.
That light is shining
within you, all around you.
You are light.
And all around you is this
beautiful golden light,
this golden circle of light.
And as you become aware
of this golden light,
there seem to be some
figures of the spirit,
loved ones that you know
in the spirit world who
have passed over the
threshold of so-called death.
Open up your mind and invite
them closer to you now.
Let them step so
close to you, you
can feel them
connecting with you,
connecting with your energy.
Feel their force.
Feels their love,
for love never dies.
Love never dies.
And feel their personalities
come so, so close to you.
They're not strangers to you.
You've shared your
hearts with them.
So as you invite them in,
and you feel their energy
behind you and in
front of you, listen.
Listen with your mind.
And begin to hear a message
that they have for you.
Dear spirit friends,
we ask your blessing
upon this meeting today.
Dear spirit friends,
draw near to me.
Spirit friends,
speak clear to me.
Spirit friends, slow
down your voices.
When we hear, the
heart rejoices.
Give us glimpses of eternity.
And let us know
that you are free.
Give us names, and
facts, and places.
Help us to understand
Heaven's graces.
Send your thoughts upon me
with emotion and simplicity
as we sit together in
peace, love, and harmony.
And so it is.
And thank your friends, your
spirit friends, your loved
ones.
Thank them for sharing
the space always.
No one is ever alone.
They're standing right with you.
Take a deep breath, and exhale.
And slowly open up your
eyes and be as one.
Did you enjoy that?
Yes, yes.
There's that connectedness
that we always have.
It's just that in our minds
sometimes we feel disconnected.
But we really are
always connected.
We've just got to plug in that
memory that they're very real,
they're very much a part.
So what experiences
did you have?
Anyone want to share
a couple experiences?
Hi lovely lady, how are you?
>>AUDIENCE: Hi.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So you
had an experience
during the meditation, yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes?
What did you experience?
>>AUDIENCE: Lots of white light.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Lots
of white light.
OK, and did a spirit
person step up behind you?
Or did people step up--
>>AUDIENCE: I saw my dad.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your
dad stepped up.
OK.
>>AUDIENCE: Yep.
And my aunt.
Yep.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And what was
the message he had for you?
>>AUDIENCE: Just nothing.
It just felt like love.
>>VAN PRAAGH: It
just felt like love.
>>AUDIENCE: Yep.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Very good.
>>AUDIENCE: Very warm.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Very warm.
So you know he's
always with you.
And there with you,
and supporting you.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Good, very good.
Thank you very much.
OK, great.
Anybody else over here
experience something?
I know you did.
I know you did, yes.
>>AUDIENCE: I did, thank you.
Just a reconnectivity
with source, with love.
>>VAN PRAAGH: With
love, pure love.
You're very much a healer.
You know that.
So I know you're going
to be going to classes
and doing some things.
Or you've been recently
thinking about going
to classes and
school of some kind.
Does it make sense to you?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes.
And I just know you're
going to do that.
So just stay trusting with that.
Now, I know you have a
grandmother in the spirit
world as well, don't you.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
I know that you
would have a photograph of her.
I know that you have her love.
And I know that you must
see her in your dreams
every once in a while.
Does that make sense to you?
Because I know that she comes
in very, very close to you.
And she touches your
heart, she says.
I touch his heart.
And I just want
you to know that.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, good.
Thank you very much.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>VAN PRAAGH: What I'd like
to do is I'd like to connect.
I have a young man
here who comes in.
And this man I would tell
you is, I would say this man
passes over and is-- gosh, he
feels like in his 40s or 50s.
He's very, very young
when he passes over.
I have dark hair.
And I've got to tell you that
I feel like I'm on this side,
but I'm not sure.
And if it makes sense to you
the information that I get,
would you please acknowledge the
spirit when they come through,
please?
I don't know if it's a
brother feeling here.
But I feel like I might have a
brother who's passed over here.
And I've got to accept this.
Go on, go on, go on.
I feel like I'm much younger
when I passed over than older.
So I feel like I'm
young when I pass over.
Now I'm not sure if they're
mid-young, like 30s to 40s,
but I've got to tell you that
I feel this way when I'm here.
And I feel a
brotherly connection.
I've got to ask if someone
is here who has a brother.
You do.
You do, and you do, yes?
Brothers?
A brother that passed into the
world of the spirit, correct?
You do, yes, great.
Hi Heather.
I know I connected
with your brother.
I was standing up here and I
connected with your brother.
And he came in
very, very strongly.
He's still very much here.
And he comes with
a group of people.
And there's also a couple
of dogs over there as well.
I've got to tell you that.
And I'm seeing
basketball around me.
So I've got to just tell
you that first of all.
So what I would like
you to do, Heather,
is I created these cards.
These are Talking
to Heaven cards.
And these are mediumship cards.
And I want you to try
and use these and make
a connection, first
of all, that way.
And then I'll continue with him.
And I just want you to
take those cards totally
in your hands.
And I want you to shuffle them,
put your energy in the cards.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
>>AUDIENCE: That's
really what I want
you to do is just put
your energy in the cards.
I'm not a good shuffler,
I'm really bad.
But just imbue the whole
deck with your energy.
He's talking about
your dad here, too.
Your dad's also
passed over, has he?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hmm.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah, he's
talking about your dad as well.
He's with your father.
And is there someone
named Richard also?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yeah,
who's that please?
>>AUDIENCE: My stepfather.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK
And he's passed over
into the world of the spirit?
Or is he still here?
>>AUDIENCE: He's here.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Because they're talking
about Rich or Richard.
And there's a lady over
there who knows him.
So it must be his mom, not sure.
>>AUDIENCE: His mom, yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
But she's coming in as well.
So I have a whole
bunch of people here.
And I know that I'm really
being air traffic control when
I get these people.
So as you hold those cards,
and you have your energy
in that deck?
So what I want you
to do is I want
you to think of your brother.
And then I want you to spread
out the cards on the table.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
The whole deck?
>>VAN PRAAGH: Any way you
feel you want to do that.
It's like very Las
Vegas here, isn't it?
It's very funny.
And what I want
you to do is I just
want you to think
of your brother.
And just let him guide
you into pulling out
a card that's right
for you at this moment.
You're can ask him a question
in your mind if you want to.
But however you feel guided.
These are guidance cards.
And it's just another tool.
So whenever you feel-- if you
want to spread them out more.
And whenever you feel-- good.
So what does it say?
>>AUDIENCE: I will always point
you in the right direction.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I will
always point you
in the right direction.
Does that makes sense to you?
>>AUDIENCE: Oh yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Did you ask
him to be a guide of yours?
>>AUDIENCE: I've been
talking to guides lately,
praying for help.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Praying for help.
Well I know that he's
a guide of yours.
So this is very interesting
that you pulled that card.
I believe there are
no accidents in life.
And I think that
we're guided and we're
led to where we have to be.
Now, let me just separate
your brother here.
He's talking to me about horses.
So I've got to talk
about the horses.
The horseback riding
or the horses.
You know about that, don't you?
>>AUDIENCE: Uh-huh.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Do
you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And did
you do that younger.
When you were younger
was there something--
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes.
Because he's bringing back
a memory of the horses
and riding horses.
I also will tell you that
there was another place
that the family used to gather.
So there's another place.
I don't know, there's another
house or another summer house
or something that the
family used to go to.
So he's talking
to me about that.
Do you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hmm.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I've got to
tell you with your brother,
I've got to tell you,
definitely his soul feels
as if he had to go when he went.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Who
in the family was
the person that was
missing the finger.
Had the accident
with the finger,
or they sliced a finger, or.
>>AUDIENCE: Well, Connie.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Connie.
>>AUDIENCE: Hurt her finger.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Hurt her finger.
Did she slice a finger?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And is
that a sister of yours?
>>AUDIENCE: She's
my ex mother-in-law.
>>VAN PRAAGH: She's
your ex mother-in-law.
And she's passed over to
the world of the spirit
or she's still here?
>>AUDIENCE: No, she's here.
>>VAN PRAAGH: She's still here.
Did you recently see her?
Do you know that
you're helping her?
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, I hope so.
>>VAN PRAAGH: He said
you're helping her.
And he's talking about
you helping other people.
You're helping yourself
by helping others.
And I agree with him.
Now, he wants me to tell you,
he has all his hair back.
I don't know why his hair
was an issue with him,
but he said he has a full
head of hair, it's back, OK?
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your dad was there
with him when he passed over.
And I want to thank
you for the memorial.
There's something
with a memorial
and he's telling me about that.
Do you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: For dad.
>>VAN PRAAGH: For your dad.
He's telling me about that.
It was a big deal.
Is it outside?
>>AUDIENCE: It was.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Is this
memorial thing outside?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm-hmm.
>>VAN PRAAGH: What is
it, a tree or a rock?
Or what?
>>AUDIENCE: It's close.
It's under trees.
But it's his headstone.
And just we went back for him.
>>VAN PRAAGH: It's beautiful.
It's beautiful.
>>AUDIENCE: It is.
>>VAN PRAAGH: It's
just beautiful.
And do you have two children?
>>AUDIENCE: I have four.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Four children.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Are there two and two?
Like two separate from you
and two with you, or something
like this?
>>AUDIENCE: No,
they're all with me.
But there are two that
are very close in age.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, and
they're the two older.
>>AUDIENCE: Right.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So the
two that are younger,
I don't know why he's
connecting with-- your brother's
connecting with one
of the little ones.
I've gotta tell you that.
And that they see him, one
of them sees him spiritually.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Very interesting.
I've also got a German
Shepherd around you here.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Didn't
your family have
a German Shepherd at one time.
Or you had one in the past?
>>AUDIENCE: No, we're looking
at buying one right now.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh, you are?
Well, I've got to tell you,
the German Shepherd is around.
So there's definitely
a German Shepherd.
I think it's a female
German Shepherd.
>>AUDIENCE: I just lost my
dog, like a couple months ago.
But she wasn't a German.
She was just a big girl.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Now,
regarding your brother,
was there something
about his passing?
He keeps on coming into me here.
And I feel very strong with him.
And I just want to
tell you, I feel
that something isn't right about
the death in that something
feels off about my passing.
Or something feels
mysterious or something's
a little strange
about the passing.
Does that make sense to you?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, I
actually have two brothers.
And I don't know which one.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So
just say yes or no.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes, OK, great.
So it's the one
brother here that I'm
getting that's either the death
was-- either someone wasn't
saying fully everything
that happened.
Or there were some
circumstances that
were very strange
around the passing.
Do you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes or no?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, sorry, yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Yes?
OK.
And I also have a
grandmother here.
And I'm telling you,
I see a blanket.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So I don't know
if you have a blanket of hers,
but there's a blanket.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
have her blanket?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Thank you,
thank you very much.
I love your enthusiasm.
Yes, this is great,
really great.
And I know that-- go on.
Your dad wants to say
hello to you as well.
>>AUDIENCE: Hi, daddy.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I know
that I like airplanes.
There is an airplane.
And he's looking
over the airplanes.
So I don't know if he drove
or flew airplanes at one time,
or was in the Air
Force or something,
but I'm with airplanes.
>>AUDIENCE: OK, well,
it's actually Richard.
My dad that's alive
that was the pilot.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Oh, oh, OK.
>>AUDIENCE: I don't know.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So your
brother's talking
about the man that's
alive still, his father?
So his father's still here?
I'm not sure.
>>AUDIENCE: Well, wait.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I don't
know your family.
They're complete
strangers to me.
>>AUDIENCE: No, no.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So
your brother would
know about the
man that's flying?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Would his
father be the pilot?
>>AUDIENCE: No, he's not.
He's not.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So you have a
different father, two fathers?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes,
step-father and real father.
>>VAN PRAAGH: The
step-father's passed over?
>>AUDIENCE: No, the
step-father is here.
That's Richard.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's Richard.
He's the one with the
pilot and the planes.
>>AUDIENCE: Right
>>VAN PRAAGH: Great.
And your natural
father's passed over.
>>AUDIENCE: Correct.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, great.
Because I've just got to
make sure who I have here.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
It's confusing, I know.
>>VAN PRAAGH: It's confusing.
I mean, talking to dead people.
It's very confusing.
And I don't know who Michael is,
but there's a Michel as well?
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Do
you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: That's
my father's brother.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your
father's brother.
He's talking about Michael.
So I imagine Michael's still
on the earth over here.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, he's here.
>>VAN PRAAGH: But he's
watching over Michael.
>>AUDIENCE: OK, good.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And I've
got to tell you that.
And is there a wedding
that's coming up soon?
Or a wedding that just passed?
Or there's something
about a wedding.
>>AUDIENCE: My cousin's
getting married.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your
cousin's getting married.
That's a wedding.
>>AUDIENCE: And my
sister might be.
She says she is, but
I don't believe her.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I'm sorry.
>>AUDIENCE: My sister says she
is, but I don't believe her.
>>VAN PRAAGH: But there's
definitely a wedding coming up.
There's a wedding
that's been there.
>>AUDIENCE: That's what
my dad would probably
be concerned about.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Well, there's
definitely the wedding thing
there happening.
I've got to tell you that.
And when you were young, was
there any figure skating?
Or do you understand
about skating on the ice?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You
understand that, don't you?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH:
Because this man here
is talking to me about
you skating on the ice.
And that was a big deal.
And I even know that
there's much to say
as movies that were taken.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You understand
about the movies of you.
Movies, look what I'm
doing, movies, right?
And I know that there'd be
movies or video-- they wouldn't
be really movies-- of you when
you were skating when you were
a young girl, around
9, 10 years of age,
around that time period.
Do you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I want you to know
that you will have another dog.
Your dog is fine.
Your big dog is here.
So I'm going to give you with
your brother and your dad
and your mom.
And don't want you to
give up on yourself.
And I know you're doing--
who does photography?
>>AUDIENCE: My brother, John.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK.
Can you let him know that he's
being helped in the spirit
world with the photography?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And there's
going to be a showing.
There's going to be a showing.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I
know that he desires
to have some kind of a showing.
And it's going to happen.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I'll
leave you with that.
Thank you, Heather.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you so much.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Give me a hug.
Thank you, Heather.
See how Heather
was enthusiastic?
Yay.
[APPLAUSE]
Best way you can
be when you receive
a message from the spirit
world is really just to be open
and to receive whatever
they want to say.
Because we are here
to receive from them.
Yes?
So I want to ask you if there's
a man standing next to you.
Was there a father figure
that passed over here?
Or next to this person, no?
>>AUDIENCE: My
great grandfather.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Your grandfather.
OK.
And I also want to ask
somebody, who's Jimmy?
>>AUDIENCE: James
was my grandfather.
Jim Lamb.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Jimmy, James.
Maybe he got through Jim.
Did at one time he help to
raise you, or come by you,
or influence at all
in your lifetime?
>>AUDIENCE: He was my
grandfather's father.
And he passed away when
my grandfather was young.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK,
did you not know him?
>>AUDIENCE: And so
I didn't know him.
But my grandfather started a
business with his name on it.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
is that Jimmy's?
>>AUDIENCE: Jim Lamb, yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's the
name of the business?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah,
it was Jim, yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: OK, good.
I saw the Jimmy or
Jim very clearly.
And I know that
would be significant.
But I have him here.
But I also have another
person coming in here.
And I'm trying to
figure who this is.
But I know I'm connected
with this gentleman here.
Are you guys related?
>>AUDIENCE: This is my husband.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I thought
it might be your husband.
I thought you weren't
sitting with a stranger here.
And I just want to--
what's your name?
>>AUDIENCE: Zach.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Zach.
OK, Zach, great.
I have a lady here
who knows of you.
This is a woman
Now, I feel there's a woman
here who's connected with here.
Now, I don't know if this is
your mom that's passed over
or your grandma,
mother's mother.
>>AUDIENCE: My grandmother.
My mother's mother.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And did she
help to be influential to you
when you were a
young boy, please?
>>AUDIENCE: Oh yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Thank
you very much.
Because I know as I
connect with this woman,
I want to tell you that I
was influential with you
when you were growing up.
She's taking all the credit for
making you who you are today.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
she would, yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
I know she likes--
she's your mother's
mother, she's telling me.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Mother's mother.
She's making it very
clear, mother's mother.
She's making that
very, very clear.
And I know that she comes,
and she's very strong.
And she said, "I
want to be noticed!"
She wants to be noticed.
And I like spirits like
that, because then they
can really get in
and do some stuff.
So I know that she
says many, many things.
I know when she's
a young woman, she
has to be strong for
the whole family.
I know that she was by herself.
When she was a young girl,
she was all by herself.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And she had
to make her life by herself.
Do you understand that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And that
made her very strong.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I've
got to tell you.
Now, she's also talking
about, "I couldn't trust men."
She goes, "I
couldn't trust them.
I couldn't trust them."
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: That's
her personality.
I couldn't trust them.
That's how she's
saying it to me.
Now, I know that there were
some accidents in the family.
I know people died
young in lifetime.
They didn't last the full time.
I know she had a lot of grieving
and a lot of death in her life
from her relatives around her.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I also think she
must have lost a child herself.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: So you'd
have to find that out.
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
I've got to tell you
that I feel a lot of
grief with this lady.
But she comes in not only
for you, but for everybody
here in the audience.
And for the people
that are watching.
And lets you know that, indeed,
I've been listening to you,
she said.
I've been listening.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: She's a busybody.
She's a nosy buddy.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: She comes in
and she always points herself
at people's information.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Is what
she's telling me.
Now, I know you like--
what are you saying to me.
Oh, there she is, OK.
>>AUDIENCE: Hello.
Hi, grandma.
>>VAN PRAAGH: She said,
you were very different
than the rest of them.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: You didn't
fit in with the rest
of your people, the
rest of your siblings.
And she didn't either.
You know that?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Now, why are
you around some toxic smells?
Or she says something
you're around.
Are there sprays?
I don't know if you try
to do it with artwork
or you're trying
to do something.
with-- I don't know what you're
doing with these cans of paint.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Do you
understand what this means?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: What is this?
What is it.
>>AUDIENCE: Well, I have
hobbies of doing modeling.
And also I am a filmmaker.
And I do mess with chemicals.
>>VAN PRAAGH: And
very recently--
>>AUDIENCE: I assume
it was the editing--
>>VAN PRAAGH: Well, use a
microphone so we can hear you.
>>AUDIENCE: Sorry, I assume it's
up in Boulder with the cleaning
of all the--
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah,
just a cleaning
off old film and stuff.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Spraying.
I'm spraying, and I'm spraying
some paints and things.
And she said, you have
to protect yourself.
You haven't done that.
And I'm going to talk to
you about the firewood.
Do you have a wood
fireplace or something.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>VAN PRAAGH: Because
she loves the firewood
and burning the fires, and
having a nice little fireplace.
So I've got to tell you that.
She's always with you.
She's very strong.
And she says,
believe in yourself.
And I know you're a director
or you will be a director.
I know that's either a goal
of yours, she said to me.
And she said, you're going
to make it as a director.
You just keep going for it.
And look out for the name
of Cooper, C-o-o-p-e-r.
Because the name of Cooper
is going to help you.
OK?
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>VAN PRAAGH: I'll
leave you with that.
Thank you, God bless.
>>AUDIENCE: All
right, thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>>VAN PRAAGH: Well, I want
to thank you all very,
very much for being here.
And I hope today helped
you to realize or remember
that indeed there is no death.
There's only life.
So thank you all
very, very much.
And you at home, thank you also.
Realize that when
it's your time to go,
there is no such thing as death.
There's only life.
So may the light and
love of the spirit world
always be with you.
Thank you all very much.
Thank you.
Bye bye, everyone.
[APPLAUSE]